all right YouTube I'm gonna give you
guys a little demo of the winter mode
and this Volvo s40 well now it's
activated
alright so winter mode is activated you
can save the little arrow is illuminated
essentially winter mode helps reduce
wheel spin during wintery or slippery
conditions by making the car take off in
second gear well well that's pretty much
what I think it does because that's what
it feels like you can see one of the
lights on the instrument Erzberg alright
so let me do a zero in to whatever in
winter mode with my dad's Volvo s40 it's
a 2001 model one point ninety so this is
going to be floored without the kick
down button because the kick down button
will actually bypass the winter mode
that wasn't a short shift or anything I
actually released it but say you guys
get an idea
all right so without flooring it I'm
gonna do another demo or the winter mode
and you're gonna see how it processes
right through the gears so I'm gonna try
to keep focus on the tack you can still
see winter mode is still activated
so I hit 40 pretty much it went right
through all the years that way